What do you mean?
Ask questions about my identity.
I didn't say that. You said that yourself.
Of course I have a marriage certificate.
It's just that I didn't bring it here at home.
Who goes to work every day with a marriage certificate?
Yes, Linchen.
I see you can't ask for high performance.
Jealous of us, ma'am.
I heard you're still a girl.
A person without a biological father without a foster mother has no education.
Interfering with the emotions of others.
I don't want to recruit people.
It was you who wanted to give the marriage certificate, you didn't bring it.
But the performance has matured.
Last time I saw him in his office.
If you are the real lady, show us.
How do I get into the Lord s Office?
Besides, I didn't have a marriage certificate to show them.
I don t like people coming to my office.
Forget it.
I'll bring it to you next time.
The night captain doesn't like people coming into his office.
Can't even his wife?
Lin Cần, you are less bizarre.
Isn't it just an office?
The night captain loved the lady so much, he bought all the hundreds of millions of necklaces.
What's wrong with the office?
Hyun-yeon, let's go.